Remove docker pull command in Debug > Troubleshoot Applications (#31679)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/debug-application-cluster/debug-application.md

* Make sure that you have the name of the image correct.
* Have you pushed the image to the registry?

> * Try to manually pull the image on your machine to see if the image can be pulled.

Reviewer: "on your machine" now reads strange, maybe drop it?

```suggestion
* Try to manually pull the image to see if the image can be pulled.
```

Reviewer 2: I'd prefer to add context. The `docker` tool remains widely used.

```suggestion
* Try to manually pull the image to see if the image can be pulled. For example,
  if you use Docker on your PC, run `docker pull <image>`. Does that work OK?
```
